[NARRATOR] Last time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
As the battle heated up,
it seemed that
Yamcha would score
an easy victory over
the vicious Saibamen, until...
[VEGETA] Now let's
give them a moment
to clear this trash
off the battlefield...
[NARRATOR] Pushed to the brink
by the loss of his friend...
Krillin prepares
to unleash his rage.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Sit Tight, Chiaotzu!
Tien's Screaming Tri-Beam!"
[KRILLIN grunts]
[KRILLIN]
That does it...!
Now you freaks are gonna get
a taste of your own medicine!
Go.
[SAIBAMAN A shrieks]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[KRILLIN yells]
[NAPPA] What the...?!
What's with the slo-mo blast?
[SAIBAMAN A shrieks]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[KRILLIN yells]
[ALL gasp]
Awesome shot!
Wow...! Nice job!
Krillin...!
You doin' okay?
Yeah... but I'll be better when
we finish off the last one.
[SAIBAMAN B shrieks]
[GOHAN gasps]
[GOHAN screams]
Die.
[PICCOLO yells]
[SAIBAMAN B screams]
[TIEN]
Well done, Piccolo!
Y'know, I gotta admit,
I like that guy a heckuva lot
more now that he's on our side.
That was a close one!
Thanks, Piccolo!
You can keep
your thanks...
I wasn't trying
to save you.
It was just a warm-up.
The real fight hasn't
even started yet...
You better watch your
own back from now on.
[VEGETA laughs]
What?!
[VEGETA] That's the
best they can do?
This is gonna be a breeze.
[BOTH gasp]
[BOTH chuckle]
If you're finished "warming up",
why don't we get started?
There's no need for
us to drag this out.
[NAPPA laughs]
[NAPPA] Don't worry.
This'll be over real soon.
[TIEN] They took that
hit like it was nothing!
They're not even
breathing hard!
Darn it... I put everything
I had into that blast!
[BOTH chuckle]
So this is what
Saiyans are like!
[NAPPA]
Let me go at 'em, Vegeta.
I'm tired of playing around.
[VEGETA] Sure, Nappa,
knock yourself out.
However... I'm not
finished with the Namekian,
so let him
live for now...
Once he tells us
about the Dragon Balls,
you can do whatever
you want with him.
[NAPPA] Well, in that
case I may as well
take my time
and enjoy myself...
So I'll start with...
...you! Pipsqueak!
Not so fast!
[PICCOLO yells]
[NAPPA yells]
Piccolo, are you okay?
[NAPPA laughs]
It looks like this is gonna
be more fun than I thought!
[PICCOLO] What...?
[NAPPA grunts]
[NAPPA yells]
Damn...! I've never felt
a power like this before!
[CHIAOTZU yells]
It's... no use!
[TIEN yells]
I tried to hypnotize him
but he didn't even blink!
Oh no... This is bad!
[PICCOLO] I expected these
Saiyans to be strong, but this--
This is ridiculous!
[NAPPA yells]
[GOKU] Just a little
bit longer, guys!
I'm on my way!
[NAPPA grunts]
[thunder]
[NAPPA yells]
[TIEN] Chiaotzu!
Keep your eyes open!
[NAPPA yells]
[CHIAOTZU yells]
[NAPPA laughs]
[NAPPA grunts]
[NAPPA yells]
[TIEN yells]
Tien... Watch out!
Get out of the way!
[TIEN screams]
Tien! No!
[TIEN groans]
[NAPPA laughs]
Ha... How fragile they are.
[NAPPA yells]
Nice!
[TIEN yells]
[TIEN] I'll kill you!
[NAPPA yells]
[CHIAOTZU] Ahh...!
No...!
Somebody stop him!
[NAPPA laughs]
I've had enough!
I'm coming, Tien!
Wait! You can't
save him! Stay back!
Just shut up!
Huh...?
Mind your own business!
[EXPLOSION]
[KRILLIN yells]
[NAPPA laughs]
[PICCOLO]
He left a crater so deep
I can't even see the bottom!
The amount of energy
that must have taken is...
Nappa...! You might
want to look behind you.
[NAPPA yells]
--[NAPPA] Why, you little...!
--[TIEN] Chiaotzu!
[NAPPA] Get off me!
What the...? Hey!
Let go...!
Chiaotzu, stop it!
[NAPPA yells]
That's enough...!
Get off...
Get out of the way!
[CHIAOTZU]
Tien... listen to me!
Th-Thank you, Tien!
What...?
What the heck are you
talking about? Chiaotzu?!
[TIEN]
Get out of there! Now!
While you have the chance!
[CHIAOTZU] Please... don't
forget about me, Tien...
I'm gonna miss you.
[CHIAOTZU grunts]
Chiaotzu...! Hold on...
Don't do something
you're gonna regret!
[CHIAOTZU grunts]
[CHIAOTZU] Goodbye, Tien.
Whatever you do...
don't let him kill you, okay?
Chiaotzu...! Don't!
[CHIAOTZU laughing]
[CHIAOTZU] Tien...!
[TIEN yells]
No!
[PICCOLO]
Good thinking...
Sacrificing himself
to kill the Saiyan...
A little extreme,
but it got results.
[GOHAN cries]
[NAPPA laughs]
Well, that's one less
Earthling I have to kill.
But... that's impossible!
He's not even scratched!
And... Chiaotzu...
Chiaotzu's dead!
He blew himself up for nothing!
He's really gone.
He's gone forever...
He's already been wished
back to life once before...
Now nothing can bring him back,
not even the Dragon Balls!
You... You're going
to pay for this...
[NAPPA laughs]
[NAPPA] Fine...!
If you still don't
realize how pointless it is
to try and battle a Saiyan,
I'll give you one
more demonstration!
Unfortunately, it'll be
the last thing you ever see!
[NAPPA laughs]
[NAPPA exhales heavily
I... I don't believe this!
What're we s'posed to do?!
He's too strong for us!
There's no way
we can beat this guy!
[NAPPA laughs]
Chiaotzu...!
If you're worried your
friend will be lonely in Hell,
you'll be joining
him soon enough...
[NAPPA laughs]
I'll... kill you...
You won't get away
with what you've done!
[TIEN screams]
At this rate... Tien won't be
able to hold out much longer.
Unless... I jump in there
and even the odds!
[PICCOLO]
No Krillin...
We all strike together when
he moves to make an attack...
Not before.
It's the best chance we have...
You got that...? Gohan?
Uh-huh...
[VEGETA] That sounds
like it might work.
For your sake, I hope it does.
Keep your eyes on
the battlefield...
You'll only have
one shot at this.
Heh... So you think...
But it won't be too much
longer before Goku gets here...
and he'll wipe that
smirk off your face.
Oh... I'm terrified...
but curious...
This guy's your
ace in the hole?
[PICCOLO laughs]
Wouldn't you like to know?
[NAPPA screams]
[TIEN yells]
I'm startin' to get kinda
bored just tossing you around.
Aren't you...?
Why don't we just end this?
[TIEN groans]
Heh...
Now die! Ahh...!
Everyone...! Go...!
Now...! Scatter!
Right!
[GOHAN yells]
[NAPPA] Say hi to your
little runt friend for me!
[NAPPA yells]
What?
[PICCOLO] Gohan!
Do it! Hit him now!
[GOHAN whimpers]
Now Gohan!
Now's your chance!
I'm... too... scared!
[GOHAN whimpers]
[NAPPA grunts]
[GOHAN screams]
You're worthless!
Gohan!
[yells]
It didn't work...!
We were just a second late!
I'll give you some
credit for that one...
It was a good move...
You two almost had me
there for a second...
So... I've decided to
change up the order
I'm gonna kill you in.
Now say goodbye!
I can't do it...
I'm sorry, I just can't...
[POPO] What is it that's
bothering you, Kami?
[KAMI] Hmm...
It appears that my life
will soon be coming
to an end, Mr. Popo.
My death is upon me.
I can feel it.
But if that's true...
that means...
...that Piccolo
will be killed...
[POPO gasps]
...and so will
everyone else.
[POPO] But...
what about Goku?
I still cannot
sense his presence...
and he is running
out of time!
[TIEN] Chiaotzu...
[TIEN groans]
We've faced so many challenges,
and we've always come
through them together!
But this time...
[TIEN groans]
[CHIAOTZU] Please... don't
forget about me, Tien...
Chiaotzu...
[NAPPA laughs]
Too bad you won't live long
enough to learn from this.
[VEGETA laughs]
[NAPPA] So... which one
of you wants to go first?
Anybody but you, Namekian...
I'm not allowed to put you
outta your misery just yet.
Not until you've told us
everything you know about
the Dragon Balls, that is...
Chiaotzu...
I won't let your
sacrifice be in vain...
I promise!
Either this Saiyan
goes down right now or...
Or I'll be... with you
again soon... Chiaotzu!
[TIEN screams]
Now... Tri-Beam... Ha...!
[NAPPA screams]
[PICCOLO gasps]
[ALL gasp]
Whoa... Do you
think he got 'em?
Well...
that wasn't half bad.
It didn't have any effect...
It's like nothing
can stop him...
[TIEN breathing heavily]
You bastard...
[VEGETA laughs]
[VEGETA] What a fool.
Really... He could've just
stayed down and played dead,
but no--he had to
go and be all "noble."
Tien, no...
You can't be dead
too... you can't...
We needed you...
Everyone's dying and I
don't know how to stop it!
Hurry, Goku...!
We need your help!
Please, Goku!
[GOKU] I'm coming,
guys! I'm coming!
Goku...? That name again.
Hold on...
[NAPPA laughs]
Okay, that's three
of yours dead...
You should consider
fighting back soon.
[PICCOLO] We need to get
him back on the ground...
If we fight him in the air,
he clearly has the advantage.
[NAPPA laughs]
You really think that'll
make any difference?
Whatever you want...
Goodbye!
Look out!
[GOHAN yells]
Nappa...! Wait...
Stop right there!
[NAPPA] Hey,
why'd you stop me...?
Lemme at 'em!
[VEGETA] How many
times do I have to
tell you to be patient?
I want to ask them
something first...
This "Goku" you
keep babbling about...
He's Kakarot,
isn't he?
[KRILLIN] Don't call
him that! He's Goku now!
[VEGETA laughs]
To think that Kakarot
is your only hope.
He died
fighting Raditz,
and Raditz wasn't half
the fighter Nappa is...
What can he do
against the two of us?
[KRILLIN] Goku's stronger than
he was before! You'll see!
You're both dead
meat when he gets here!
That's right...
You shouldn't
underestimate him.
[NAPPA] Oh really...
You know, I might believe you
if he wasn't too
scared to show his face!
Are you sure your precious
"Goku" didn't just abandon you?
That's my dad...!
He'll be here!
And you'll be sorry!
He's gonna be
so big and strong
you'll wish you
never messed with us!
Is that so...? Well that
sounds interesting...
I guess we can give our
hero a little bit more time...
What's the point in that?
Can I at least finish off
the rest of these guys
while we're waiting?
Give him three hours,
that's all he gets...
[VEGETA] After that,
they're yours to destroy.
That's ridiculous...!
I'm not waiting for anybody!
[KRILLIN yells]
[NAPPA yells]
Nappa...! Are you
disobeying a direct order?
No... Sorry, Vegeta...
I just got carried
away there for a second.
Kakarot won't
be able to save you,
but he did just buy you
three more hours of life.
[GOHAN whimpers]
[KRILLIN] C'mon,
it's not his fault.
He's never been in
a real fight before.
Yeah, obviously...
What a waste of time...
I was a fool for expecting
more out of you...
[PICCOLO]
This is a problem...
The way that big guy
was cowering a second ago.
Does that mean
that little runt Vegeta
is even more
powerful than he is...
[NAPPA] How can
you just sit there?
Don't you want to kill
these guys even a little?
Patience... We've
waited a whole year...
Three more hours won't hurt...
Then the real fun begins.
[NARRATOR]
The clock is ticking...
Will Goku make it back
to Earth in time...?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey, everybody!
It's me, Goku!
Snake Way sure is long,
but with all my training
I'm making incredible time!
[PICCOLO] We can't wait
for Goku any longer;
we have to go
on the offensive...!
And I know exactly
how to do it...
[GOKU]
I'm coming, guys!
I'm almost there now,
and I promise I'm moving
as fast as I can!
Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Will Goku Make it In Time?!
Three Hours Until
the Battle Resumes!"
[GOHAN]
But Piccolo... Why?